Running List of Animanga Featuring Ladies Carrying Dudes and Ladies Carrying Ladies
I have an ask that answers the question of ‘what anime features ladies carrying dudes that you know of” but I can’t reblog it for some reason, so you know what, repost! I’m not like, heartily endorsing or recommending all of these (though you know what, I will note if they are personal favorites) this is just an objective catalogue. I’ll also specify which characters when I can.

Oh and if it was a bridal carry or full on over-or-near-the-head benchpress/lift, I will include a note, Because Those are Special.

Ladies Carrying dudes in anime and manga (read the tag!)

Precure is the biggest source.(personal fave): Specifically, Futari wa, Fresh (double personal fave), Suite and Go Princess [bridal carries]). The masterpost is availbale here.

Sailor  Moon (90′s anime, Makoto and ice skating villain from episode 39 [benchpress], Rei and Yuiichiro) (personal fave)

Witchcraft Works (a LOT, between the main couple) [bridal carries]

Attack on Titan (moreso at the beginning of the manga. (Mikasa and Eren).

Gekkan Shoujo Nozaki Kun (Kashima and Hori. ([bridal carry]-changed-to-piggyback while dressed like a bull, to boot) (personal fave).

How to Keep a Mummy (personal fave) (Mogi and multiple dudes) [bridal carry, benchpress]

Natsume’s Book of Friends (Winged Yokai and Natsume. He was embarrassed by it though, and I am rarely Disappointed in Him but that was one of the few moments I wanted to give this child some stern discipline and make him Truly Appreciate being carried to safety by a lady) (despite that, personal fave)

Yuri on Ice (Mila and Yurio, personal fave) [benchpress]

Yu Yu Hakusho (Keiko and Yusuke)

Lovely Complex (Risa and Ootani, haven’t read) [bridal carry]

Noragami (Hiyori and Yato)

As far as manga, Oresama teacher (Mafuyu and multiple dudes) (personal fave) [bridal carry]

I know Magi has a lady who carries dudes (I believe it’s Morgana) but haven’t read it and probably won’t anytime soon tbh [bridal carry]

Vanitas no Carte (Jeanne and Vanitas, haven’t read). [bridal carry]

Yona also ATTEMPTS this in the Akatsuki no Yona manga at one point, though she doesn’t succeed due to the dude in question being like twice her size. She’ll do it someday though. I believe in her. (personal fave)